In 2024, the F-16 demonstration team threw it back to 1974 with a bold red, white, and
blue paint job honoring the original YF-16 prototype.
They pulled it off in under 8 weeks, a true engineering feat.
Which team made this historic makeover happen?
Your options are A. Skunkworks, B. Viper Team, C. 412 Test Wing Legends, D. Falconfly Crew,
Lock and Your Answer rookies.
You have 30 seconds before wheels down.
Yo Squad, Ziya here, your wingwoman, call sign echo ready to break the trivia sound barrier.
The F-16 Viper dominates the skies, but in Top Gun it was not just about the jets.
The soundtrack was legendary and still fires up every pilot today.
Here is your mission.
Which song became the ultimate anthem for pilots pushing past the limits and racing into the danger zone?
Your options are A. Danger Zone, B. Take My Breath Away, C. Highway to the danger zone, D. Maverick Anthem.
The F-16 Viper is a legendary and unique track that is a tribute to the F-16 Viper.